the lot fell to the children of Joseph
the lot fell to the children of Joseph from the Jordan by Jericho to the waters
from the Jordan by Jericho to the waters
from the Jordan by Jericho to the waters of Jericho on the east to the wilderness
of Jericho on the east to the wilderness
of Jericho on the east to the wilderness that goes up from Jericho through the
that goes up from Jericho through the
that goes up from Jericho through the mountains to Beth then went out from
mountains to Beth then went out from
mountains to Beth then went out from Bethel to Las passed along to the border
Bethel to Las passed along to the border
Bethel to Las passed along to the border of the archives at a turneth and went
of the archives at a turneth and went
of the archives at a turneth and went down westward to the boundary of the jet
down westward to the boundary of the jet
down westward to the boundary of the jet fleet heights as far as the boundary of
fleet heights as far as the boundary of
fleet heights as far as the boundary of lower beth horon to diese and it ended
lower beth horon to diese and it ended
lower beth horon to diese and it ended at the sea so the children of Joseph
at the sea so the children of Joseph
at the sea so the children of Joseph Manasseh and Ephraim took their
Manasseh and Ephraim took their
Manasseh and Ephraim took their inheritance the border of the children
inheritance the border of the children
inheritance the border of the children of Ephraim according to their families
of Ephraim according to their families
of Ephraim according to their families was thus the border of their inheritance
was thus the border of their inheritance
was thus the border of their inheritance on the east side was a Torah a de as far
on the east side was a Torah a de as far
on the east side was a Torah a de as far as Upper beth horon and the border went
as Upper beth horon and the border went
as Upper beth horon and the border went out toward the sea on the north side of
out toward the sea on the north side of
out toward the sea on the north side of McMath a--the then the border went
McMath a--the then the border went
McMath a--the then the border went around eastward to Tanith Shiloh and
around eastward to Tanith Shiloh and
around eastward to Tanith Shiloh and passed by it on the east of Genoa
then it went down from Genoa to Atta
then it went down from Genoa to Atta wrath and nira reached to Jericho and
wrath and nira reached to Jericho and
wrath and nira reached to Jericho and came out of the Jordan the water went
came out of the Jordan the water went
came out of the Jordan the water went out from tap you are westward to the
out from tap you are westward to the
out from tap you are westward to the brook of Canaan and it ended at the sea
brook of Canaan and it ended at the sea
brook of Canaan and it ended at the sea this was the inheritance of the tribe of
this was the inheritance of the tribe of
this was the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ephraim according to
the children of Ephraim according to
the children of Ephraim according to their families the separate cities for
their families the separate cities for
their families the separate cities for the children of Ephraim were among the
the children of Ephraim were among the
the children of Ephraim were among the inheritance of the children of Manasseh
inheritance of the children of Manasseh
inheritance of the children of Manasseh all the cities were their villages and
all the cities were their villages and
all the cities were their villages and they did not drive out the Canaanites
they did not drive out the Canaanites
they did not drive out the Canaanites who dwelt in Geezer but the Canaanites
who dwelt in Geezer but the Canaanites
who dwelt in Geezer but the Canaanites dwell among the Ephraim lights to this
dwell among the Ephraim lights to this
dwell among the Ephraim lights to this day and have become forced labourers
day and have become forced labourers
day and have become forced labourers [Music]